Already. Now, that we have elasticsearch to aggregate our lawns,
let's set up the front end to the service, Kibana.
We're going to start by just doing an 'apt install Kibana'.
Something important of note.
You need to make sure that the version numbers of
all the components that you're using match up correctly.
So if you're using 7.2.0 version of Kibana,
you have to use 7.2.0 version of Elasticsearch,
and likewise of Logstash.
So we've installed Kibana.
Now, we need to install Nginx.
Nginx is already installed.
Let's go ahead and take a look at the Nginx configuration.
We want to go into, etc/nginx/sites- enabled default.
Here, what you'll see,
is we have a list here on port 80,
and we're just effectively using the Nginx as a proxy to another service,
and then other service of course is Kibana.
So our server name,
we're just using an IP address here for this lesson.
We're setting off basic restricted access,
which we're going to set up very shortly,
and we're proxy passing this to on the back end of the Kibana service,
which is running on local host at port 5601.
Let's go ahead and set up our Nginx configuration, authentication for Kibana.
We're going to do this with this below command,
"echo "kibanaadmin: 'openss/passwd-apr1'".
Great. So this just provides some very basic authentication,
and it enables us to use,
so we're using the username with pass in here,
and then the password we've typed in here,
to get into our Kibana.
So now, we can configure our elastic search connection string in Kibana.
So for this, we're going to take a look at, etc/kibana/kibana.yml.
The lines that we are concerned with, are the elasticsearch.username:"elastic",
and elasticsearch.password:" So this is where
you're going to choose a much better password than the one that we've chosen here.
But this is the same password that you selected in your previous step,
when you set a password for elasticsearch.
Great. So let's go ahead and start our services.
Great. Already, we have completed our setup of Kibana.
Let's move on to the final component,
where we actually put some contents into that log aggregation.